------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             OPENAIR-FLEXCN
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OPENAIR-FLEXCN is an application that allows monitoring CN's stats and conytrolling CN behaviors. 

# Licence info

It is distributed under `OAI Public License V1.1`.
See [OAI Website for more details](https://www.openairinterface.org/?page_id=698).

The text for `OAI Public License V1.1` is also available under [LICENSE](LICENSE)
file at the root of this repository.

# Where to start

The Openair-Flexcn code is written, executed, and tested on UBUNTU server bionic version.
Other Linux distributions support will be added later on.

More details on the supported feature set is available on this [page](docs/FEATURE_SET.md).

If you want to start to use FlexCN, please refer to our tutorial [here](docs/Getting_started.md). 

# Collaborative work

This source code is managed through a GITLAB server, a collaborative development platform:

*  URL: [https://gitlab.eurecom.fr/mosaic5g/flexcn/](https://gitlab.eurecom.fr/mosaic5g/flexcn/).

Process is explained in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

# Contribution requests

In a general way, anybody who is willing can contribute on any part of the
code in any network component.

Contributions can be simple bugfixes, advices and remarks on the design,
architecture, coding/implementation.

# Release Notes

They are available on the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) file.

# Repository Structure:

The OpenAirInterface FlexCN software is composed of the following parts: 

<pre>
flexcn/
├── build : Build directory, contains targets and object files generated by compilation of network functions.
│   ├── cmake_modules
│   ├── flexcn : Directory containing CMakefile.txt and object files generated by compilation of FlexCN.
│   └── scripts : Directory containing scripts for building network functions.
├── ci-scripts : Directory containing the script files for CI framework.
├── docker : docker files for this project. 
├── docs : Directory containing the documentation files and northbound api
├── etc : Directory containing the configuration file to be deployed for FlexCN
├── examples : Directory containing the examples of json file procduced by FlexCN for xApps. 
├── scripts  : folder that contains the scripts for docker.
└── src : Source files of FlexCN.
    ├── api-server: FlexCN services APIs
    ├── common    : Common header files
    │   └── utils : Common utilities.
    ├── flexcn_app: main logic for flexcn
    ├── oai_flexcn: FlexCN main directory, contains the "main" CMakeLists.txt file.
</pre>
